hello it's Ruby and I hope that you're
having a really good day so today I'm
going to be sharing a clean slash
disinfect with me video and some of you
might know that I did actually upload
this video a few days ago and I ended up
deleting it because there was quite a
lot of controversy surrounding that
video and I know we uploading it now
that is still going to be controversy
but I've made the decision to still
share this content because the current
situation does cool from really good
hygiene obviously it's important for us
always to be hygienic and practice good
hygiene I hope he's not saying but at
the moment it is really important and
that's why I am deciding to share this
video with you I know it sounds silly
but like I do genuinely think that
because I've got this platform I need to
use it in this instance to talk about
this because it's important that we
prevent the continual spread of this of
this virus even though as a young person
you're not very likely to suffer greatly
at the hands of the creator virus
obviously you can't still get ill and
young people are still getting ill but
young healthy people aren't suffering in
the same way from the hands at the hands
at the corona virus whereas for the
elderly and for those with underlying
health conditions you know the more
vulnerable members of our society it can
be fatal it is so important for us to
practice these good hygiene methods so
that we don't catch the virus and then
accidentally pass it on to someone who
can't cope with the virus in the same
way that we might be able to you that's
why I'm sharing this video obviously
it's always important for us to be
practicing good hygiene there are other
viruses and bacterial infections which
do affect the elderly and other
vulnerable members of society honestly I
didn't say bad that like in the past we
haven't really made a point that we
should be mindful of our hygiene so that
we can protect people you should be
common courtesy and I do hope that in
the aftermath of this we will walk away
being more mindful of hygiene and make
sure that we don't pass things on to
people okay so with that said I am
actually gonna start this video I've got
the original video which I posted which
I'll be sharing at the end but just to
preface this video I want to go through
some key hygiene hacks which are very
used
I'm very important and very necessary
today and remember I'm not like a health
professional or anything I'm using
advice which has been given to us by the
NHS by public health England and feeding
that back you should always go to those
sources
so we've been told that not the number
one top thing we can do is wash our
hands I mean everyone knows how to wash
their hands but I am just gonna quickly
show you how I wash my hands so I am
following the guidelines officially
given by and the NHS and I'm just
rinsing my hands with hot water first of
all and then adding two pumps of soap
and basically just forming a lava and
the recommendation is that you wash your
hands for 20 seconds so I start that
timer once I've got the lather so you
want to rub the leather into your palms
in between your fingers on the back of
your hands
you'll also watch at your nails and you
want your thumbs and your fingertips
then just rinse that under hot water or
your user and turn off the tap for the
tissue I also like to use the same
tissue to unlock the door and this just
means that I don't pick up any of the
germs which are potentially still lying
on my door
[Music]
okay so this next thing I read this
article about productive things you can
do well washing your hands I think
that's quite cool I've got two things
from that list and then it's inspired me
to think of a few other bits productive
ways that you can spend your time
washing your hands so the first thing
you can do is something that I know is
very commonplace in the study community
and that is putting up key notes on the
mirror so that when you're washing your
hands you can just go through this and
learn those key facts that are most
important for you to know so put things
up here like the key facts you find hard
to remember
you could try you could also do exercise
as well washing your hands this is what
she suggested like you can do squats
like 20 squats after washing your hands
especially since the moment we are
washing your hands very frequently it is
worth putting on some hand cream
afterwards because otherwise your hands
can get very capped I named my girl
hands get two pajamas if you're out and
about and you don't have access to soap
and water you can't wash your hands
properly then you can use hand sanitizer
it's not as good as washing your hands
but it's better than nothing you should
try and make sure that it's 70% alcohol
ooh
the CDC recommends that we disinfect
surfaces on a daily basis which are high
touch areas so that includes things like
your desk countertops laptop keyboard
purse watch that kind of thing
that you touch a lot and could pick
things up without you realizing
I was quite messy as you can see I'm
going to be doing I'd clean with me tidy
with me specifically I am wanting to
disinfect pretty much everything that
has left my room today I've disinfected
some of it already because the virus can
remain on a surface I just want to make
sure that those surfaces are clean so
I'm not accidentally picking it off my
hands and then touching my face or
something which would be really bad
thankfully I don't have to buy any
cleaning supplies in January I bulk
bought my hand sanitizers um I bought
five of these these are so good I would
recommend these are hand and surface
spray and so I like to bring this when I
travel anywhere so I can just spray down
surfaces on trains and things and I do
that anyway just for general hygiene
my favorite one though is definitely
this one I bought four of these at in
January and I keep these just tossed
around my rooms I've got two at
university two at home one of them sits
on my desk and the other one sits on
this little sideboard so the big one
obviously disinfect is your food this
there is everywhere with you and so it
gets really really dirty apple has
actually recently updated their cleaning
policy on iPhones what you should do is
unplug your phone and then take a
disinfectant wipe with at least 70%
alcohol and then gently wipe down the
surfaces and just make sure not to get
moisture into any of the ports
the way that I keep my phone as clean as
possible
if I have two pockets in my coat one of
which is my clean pocket the other is my
dirty pocket and anything which might be
diary that's like money or my key will
go in one pocket and then the other
pocket holds my phone so I've got this
pair of gloves and the idea is the
inside of these are clean and the
outside can be dirty I'm looking for the
one now because I've just touched the
outside when I'm on campus it means that
if I open doors or anything I will use
the outside of the glove and then if I
want to use my phone I've got to take
off my gloves and I can pick it up with
my band and that way my hands aren't
getting dirty only the gloves
[Music]
I obviously also want to clean you
because I know that there's cameras so
dirty all of this is stuff I brought to
campus today and what I want to clean
[Music]
[Applause]
I just realized my time from the light
switch and so this hand was like
touching everything else is actually
crazy how many things you talked without
realizing it
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm just gonna tell me about these two
Dave
[Music]
the next thing other books I used in
class and I'm Dana how to disinfect
paper so I'm just gonna assume that
that's okay I used my iPad today just
wait
notebook did use in each of my classes
today
[Music]
I'm sure this is that you just being
cautious
[Music]
okay now for the big one the pass your
pass gets so so so dirty during the day
and I don't think I even really
considered how this thing was I've
never given us a clean I've been using
it since Christmas 2017 it's not nearly
- that's over two years of just like
consistent yeast so everything you're a
nice big clean today and I'm also gonna
take out my credit cards and clean those
because again they do dirty I've never
done it before but would it today so I'm
just going to be taking that cloth I
used ready and I'm just gonna be
spraying some of this panty back parent
and surface spray onto the pass and
they're just wiping that voidness has
already killed everything especially in
security viruses and virus but if it's
alcohol-based else
good thing
[Music]
[Applause]
light switches obviously very important
I can't believe I almost forgot to
delete the light switches in the handle
so the most important thing
[Music]
okay I'm gonna call it a night
go to bed I by forgotten something very
important
okay thank you so much for watching
today's video I hope that it was helpful
in some way I don't think we can
underestimate how important hygiene is
okay so with that said thank you for
watching and I hope that you have a
productive week
oh I actually scared with the backlash
this video is gonna gap but when I
delete the other one
loads of people especially countries
where the outbreak is more serious and
that currently here in the UK those
people from those countries messaged me
and said I think it was really important
the content that you put out in that
video unlike staying hygienic so that's
why I've decided to put it back up yeah
I hope that you stay safe and I hope you
and your family are safe